sad date in the history of the patriotic
aviation sports 35 years ago in the sky over
Ukraine faced two passenger
the plane killed 178 people on one of
liners in Minsk rice Tashkent flew on
football match team Pakhtakor and from
the causes of the disaster recognized the error
young dispatcher
residents of the Ukrainian village of Kurilovka then
it seemed as if it exploded in the sky
atomic bomb on that ill-starred saturday at
the area of ​​responsibility of dispatchers was
almost 700 airplanes in the sky formed
real dumps in this mess
turned out to be football players and Pakhtakor
flying to the game Minsk
then pakhtakor was ranked 11th highest
the league of the Soviet Union at the time of the crash
football players played
thirty four matches winning 11
after losing 14 meetings, there was a game with
Minsky Dynamo
17 football players went to the game
flight Tu-134 from Tashkent as a result
errors inexperienced dispatcher liner
collided in the sky with another plane
178 people died
this is not the first crash in which
football teams die in 1949
plane with the Italian team thorin
coming back from portugal
the plane hit the mountain next to the tour
killed 18 football players koreans four
times in a row became champions
Italy in the year of the tragedy managed to break away
from rivals on four points
pilots found guilty in another
tragedies were to blame for workers
the airport is not cleaned snow February 6 58
of the year manchester united was returning home
after the European Cup matches
trying to take off because of the snow
airport munich liner smashed
boom and rammed the apartment building
killing 24 passengers including eight
football players three employees of the club and 8
journalists in two years grew not
due to poor visibility the pilots of the aircraft with
Danish team on board too early
started lowering the line didn't crash at 50
meters from the coast eight football players
were going to compete for a place in the composition
Olympic team which was supposed to
play at the olympic games in rome one
of the largest air crashes with
participation of footballers occurred close
from airport jorge chavez eighty
the seventh aircraft in which flew 16
Peruvian team players alliance and and
coaching staff and several fans
fell and 44 people on board survived only
the first pilot later found out that he didn't
had the right to drive a passenger
by plane and his assistant up
did not complete refresher courses and in
September 69 killed the pilots were all
this strong club with aboard intentionally
ignored
signal automation as a result of the aircraft
crashed in the andes 19 players and
team leaders died this far
not all the tragedies that died
football teams but almost everywhere
the plane disappeared from the radar screens by
the fault of the pilots as far as pakhtakor is in
Soviet sports wrote about it
a little note
match program left from relic
who never played in Minsk
save pakhtakor
from the tournament death playing for him
rode a footballer from all the big leagues and
the money raised was a memorial
team
high flying